Stuck at earth, Wall-e had already discovered the plant he was searching for. Currently plant is 'h' meters long. Wall-e wants to reach his spaceship which is stationed at Mars and is 'd' meters away from him. As humans are now very concerned about plants, they had developed a drug which when used on a plant increases its height by 'k' times. Alongwith this, they had also developed another drug which can be used to increase/decrease the height of plant by 'm' meters. Behaviour of this drug is controlled by Wall-e. Wall-e had infinite supply of both drug, that is he can use both drugs as many times as he wants. 

But, after using the second drug plant becomes immune to first drug, that is why Wall-e has to use first drug before second drug. Help Wall-e to find whether he can change the height of plant so that he can climb on it and reach his spaceship. If yes, print minimum number of times first drug has to be used. If plant's height can't be changed to 'd' meters, print "-1" (without quotes).

Constraints:
1 <= h, k, m, d <= 10^9

Input
Input contains four space seperated integers, h, k, m, d, where h is the initial height of plant, k times height of plant can be increased by using one dose of first drug, m is the increase/decrease in the height of plant after using single dose of secod drug, d is distance of spaceship from Wall-e.

Output
If plant's height can be changed to 'd' meters then print the minimum number of dose of first drug which Wall-e had to use, otherwise "-1" (without quotes).

Note:
If current height of tree is 'h' meters then after using one dose of first drug its height is increased 'k' times, i.e., its new height will be h*k.
If current height of tree is 'h' meters then after using one dose second drug, its height increase/decrease by 'm' meters, i.e., its new height will be h + m or h - m. Wall-e decides whether he wants to increase or decrease the height of tree.
Wall-e can use any number of dose of both drugs.
After using second syrum, he can't use first drug.

Sample Input/Output

Input# 1
3 5 7 125

Output# 1
4


Input# 2
5 2 15 100

Output# 2
1

Input# 3
5 2 15 101

Output# 3
-1

Explanation:
For test case 1, in order to get the sufficent height Wall-e have to use first syrum 4 times then second syrum 250 times. Here he used second syrum to decrease the height of plant by 7 meters. So output is 4.
In test case 2, Wall-e used first syrum 1 time and then second syrum 6 times. Now second syrum is used to increase the height of plant by 15 meters per dose. Therefore output is 3.
For test case 3, it is impossible to change the height of plant to 101 meters.
